---
title: Domande frequenti sul Compositore esperienza visivo e problemi comuni
description: Descrizione
solution: Target
product: Target
applies-to: Target
keywords: KCS
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Karan Dhawan
article-created-date: 4/5/2022 9:58:14 AM
article-published-by: Karan Dhawan
article-published-date: 4/5/2022 10:07:31 AM
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-19002
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=d85d96e3-c6b4-ec11-983f-000d3a5d0d73
exl-id: 0687159d-d3fc-428f-a5bd-96b4957d0edf
source-git-commit: a59847e2e7e37f432cb01150b9444cd9dbf585df
workflow-type: tm+mt
source-wordcount: '206'
ht-degree: 1%

---

# Domande frequenti sul Compositore esperienza visivo e problemi comuni

## Descrizione

Questo documento viene creato per elencare le domande frequenti sulla risoluzione dei problemi del Compositore esperienza visivo e alcuni dei problemi comuni relativi a [!DNL Target] VEC

## Risoluzione

Controlli preliminari

1. <b>Parametri query</b>

   Controlla che [!UICONTROL sito web] consente il parametro query

   Il Compositore esperienza visivo aggiunge automaticamente i seguenti parametri di query all’URL della pagina: `mboxEdit=1` &amp; `mboxDisable=1`.

   Quindi, apri il sito web in una scheda separata e aggiungi alla fine i parametri di query di cui sopra e osserva se c&#39;è un problema

   Se il sito web del cliente è: www.customerwebsite.com, apri una nuova scheda e controlla: www.customerwebsite.com?mboxEdit=1&amp;mboxDisable=1

1. <b>Contenuti misti consentiti</b>

   Nel caso in cui il cliente utilizzi contenuti attivi personalizzati come file JavaScript e CSS, questi devono essere scaricati tramite HTTPS e non tramite HTTP.

   Documento di riferimento https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/target/using/experiences/vec/troubleshoot-composer/mixed-content.html?lang=en

1. <b>La pagina web deve essere accessibile all’interno di un iframe.</b>

   Puoi verificare se il sito web del cliente supporta iframe o li blocca andando su https://jsbin.com/ and incollare sotto codice e vedere se il sito web del cliente si apre in un iframe:

   ```
   !DOCTYPE html
   html
   head
   
  meta charset=&quot;utf-8&quot; meta name=&quot;viewport&quot; content=&quot;width=device-width&quot; titleJS Bin/title /head body iframe src=&quot;https://www.facebook.com&quot; height=&quot;700&quot; width=&quot;850&quot; /iframe /body /html

```
Replace facebook.com with the website URL

There could be one or multiple iframe busting techniques used, few of which are listed below

- X-Frame-Options header

  X-Frame-Options: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/X-Frame-Options

  This header can be removed if needed via Requestly ([!DNL Chrome] Extension) as described on public the documentation: 

  Reference Document: https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/target/using/experiences/vec/troubleshoot-composer/troubleshooting-issues-related-to-the-visual-experience-composer-vec.html

- JS Based Iframe Busting

This can be done through various JavaScript code.

A basic example:
```
script if(top != window) { body.style.display = none; } /script

```
There are plenty of other JavaScript iFrame Busting techniques and can be seen the most used on this link:

https://seclab.stanford.edu/websec/framebusting/framebust.pdf

1. <b>Following [!DNL Target] JS scripts are downloaded</b>

- `target-vec.js`

- `target-vec-helper.js`

1. <b>If the DOM structure has changed there could be errors in VEC where configured modifications are not visible in VEC.</b>

Figure out - Selector for which action is broken: In Console, you can check using: `_AT.querySelectorAll('selector')`

Reference Document for selector configuration: https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/target/using/experiences/vec/vec-selectors.html?lang=en#

1. <b>Handle duplicate Ids on the page:</b> As [!DNL Target] uses selectors of the page to create and deliver recommendations, so it is essential to ensure that the page is a compiant to the below points

- Use Classes
- Use unique attributes present in the elements
- Check if the selector matches the Unique element
- Remove dynamic `classNames` from selectors like `active`, `selected`, etc.

1. <b>Please make sure elements are not contained within an iframe itself, as VEC loads content in an iframe so iframe within a parent iframe would not work.</b>

Common issues:

1. Unable to log in to Online Banking in VEC to perform HTML Edit

 - Adobe Target VEC requires the VEC helper extension to load the page.

 - Allow insecure content from the site settings.

 - Set the EEC as disabled.

 - Navigate the page in VEC using the "Browse mode"

 - Click on [!UICONTROL Compose] to do the changes.


1. Trigger views are not available within VEC to create modifications

 The page may be using service workers which would not allow trigger views to be available. Here are the steps to work around this scenario

 - After loading the page in VEC, make sure to disable EEC from [!UICONTROL Page Delivery], disable service workers and enable both options in the VEC Helper Extension: Inject [!DNL Target] Libraries and Cookies
 
 - Click Browse and click Accept Cookies.
 
 - Click in the address bar from the VEC page and press Enter so that the page refreshes properly within VEC. View names should show up including in the overlay.
 
 - Ensure that the Trigger views function is consistently firing on the page. Views will be available only when the trigger view function fires.



1. Unable to access authorized pages within VEC

Access the authorized page in a browser outside VEC. Then access the page in [!DNL Target], in the new browser tab of the same window 

1. Unable to access the page using Shadow DOM within [!DNL Target] VEC

 - Ensure that the page is using the latest [!DNL Target] library
 - Ensure that all the web components are loaded before the page is accessed in VEC

1. Unable to accept cookies and browse the website within VEC

 Access the cookies browser outside VEC. Then access the page in [!DNL Target], in the new browser tab of the same window 

More common VEC issues and their resolutions are also listed here  https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/target/using/experiences/vec/troubleshoot-composer/troubleshoot-composer.html?lang=en

